so what makes a
joker like you want to join the united
states on me for
this guy had a face like death and every
other word out of his mouth was joker
god damn joker
uh well i just been seeing on the news
you know that there are kids dying over
there
you know guys from cleveland who are my
age
just trying to do something good and
here i am feeling sorry for myself
because my girlfriend broke up with me
damn she broke your heart
you searching for that gold in the
gutter a sense of purpose
right yeah
sense of purpose god damn
tell you about purpose i like him i was
too easy
he knew he had me and so by the next day
i was sworn in against all enemies
foreign and domestic porn and domestic
the sickness hangs over the city like
putrid fog
bodies are piled higher than narrow
streets
it's as if the day of judgment has
finally arrived
[Music]
i'll give you some advice leave tone
while you can i saw her the other day
she was acting bloody peculiar there's
only one thing that can explain it
she made a pact with the devil
oh where to run witch
what's to happen to me they'll try to
break you
like they did to the rest of us
fear not my child salvation is at hand
there's something wicked at work in that
place
[Music]
just the devil insider
my will is greater than yours
nobody's safe
hi paxton we heard london's in total
lockdown we are all locked in the
psychological prison of burning
aloneness how's linda
she's somewhere in the house is there
some type of issue
we are fine
living you fired them well thank you is
that a glass of wine
yes yeah it is
we have a situation all the major
department stores are closing
they want everything over the next four
days we have a problem at harrods we
have four million dollars worth of
jewelry
someone's gonna have to pack the
valuables up i believe you are a man who
can be trusted
yeah i am no i can be trusted
it's gonna have to be something that we
trust so that means inevitably it's
gonna be me
it's a new dog what are you taking out
of harris a diamond
it's a new day since lockdown i'm
looking back at myself like that was
dead and this is now
yeah the bastards who told me to fire
those people they're bad you and i are
good
good is better than battlefield you're
talking about stealing a diamond
three million pounds live wild or die
linda
and i'm feeling good
carrots is the most glamorous store in
the world
i know all the security guards i know
the security systems
i just need to get the gentleman's name
his name
edgar allen poe edgar allan poe wow
what can go wrong lock down one last
ride
i'll load the world in heaven forgive us
the sin of deception
a month ago we'd be doing this not me
and i'm feeling good
vision what do you want
[Applause]
for people to see you as i do
tell me what you feel
i just feel you
this is june 22nd 1961.
can you recall your earliest memories of
race
you grab that bat and you do what's
right i don't think so
this is in your blood all right this is
where you belong boy
montgomery's a pretty town another
pretty ugly side to it
[Music]
get out of here i was in a riot and i
walked
right through it unharmed what is the
point for trying to make
maybe i could go around college campuses
talking to students about the neutral
calls
the hell do you think you're doing
son i'm starting to wonder if you are
aware of the poison
in the apple that you have bitten into
you know this movement is about more
than just voting rights we're trying to
change the world
you want to jeopardize your whole life
or some grand principle isn't that what
they're doing
some of these old boys around here they
really mean to do you some harm
i bet you ain't happy you came to
montgomery now boy
so what's gonna happen next let's start
our evolution we continue on
let's start a revolution
[Music]
but we're still breathing he's feeling
too strong we've been down for too long
what are you supposed to do when
everybody wants you gone you gotta draw
the line somewhere you stop
right now they're gonna kill em
there's gonna come a time when something
really bad happens and you're gonna have
to decide which side you are
not choosing is a choice
ain't you supposed to be non-violent now
i'm having a real big problem with that
right now
[Music]
ready for tonight i'm as ready as a
person can be after the fight we're all
coming back here
for the champs of victory paulie don't
be late
minister malcolm x good news the chariot
is coming
you know homograders that's right jim
brown takes the ball your record is
going to stand the test of time
how's everybody feeling tonight all
together yeah
new heavyweight champion of the world
say champ you don't suppose you could
sign an autograph yeah of course man
give him an autograph jim actually mr
cook
oh sure thing brother
don't you think it's about time to party
tonight there's a chance for us to
reflect one else is coming
well this is off to a hopping start
you all are a bright and shining future
you need to understand
what is at stake here everything's not
so black and white like you make it out
to be
but we are fighting for our lives
you know i know what's going on out
there right
listen listen
brothers and sisters listen
listen listen miami
where we're going
[Music]
the goal is for us to really be
free
[Music]
but we're safe to be ourselves
without having to answer to anybody
we have to be there for each other
brothers could move mountains without
lifting a finger
[Music]
all right nearly my neighbor's
passed out on the floor and i can't feel
her pulse does the little girl have any
family members we can contact
family members
i can hardly take care of myself come on
this is your responsibility
grow up hey music
i'm your sister all she's got now
is you
hi there i don't know what i'm doing
music
it's your friend ebbo
i live next door can you move in
she can understand everything you are
saying to her and if you are happy
press this very funny troublemaker
she sees the world in a completely
different way from us
we're about to have a pool party
uh
you